1. What's the difference between GET and POST
2. void elements : any element that can not, by definition have any content between
    the start and end tags
    area, base, br, col, command, embed, hr, img, input,
    keygen, link, meta, param, source, track, wbr
3. What are some new features in HTML5 forms?
update and delete that go along with GET and POST

4. What is a polyfill?
    used to describe some browser specific code that helps you
    get some missing functionality which is present in other browsers.

5. What is a shiv in HTML5

A polyfill is different from a shiv because, assuming your code is correctly written, even if you
remove the polyfill script your code should still work just fine. However, if you remove a shiv,
then your code will not work correctly (at least in older versions of IE) because of the issues
with styling elements that are not recognized by earlier versions of IE.


5. CSS Box Model
All HTML elements can be considered as boxes. In CSS, the term "box model" is used
when talking about design and layout.
content->padding->border->margin
Note, width and height is only about the content

6. What is iFrame
An inline frame is used to embed another document within the current HTML
document

7. local storage vs session storage
the data stored in local storage persists until
explicitly deleted. Changes made are saved and available for all current and future visits to the site.
local storage is more secure
For session storage, changes are only available
per window, once the window is closed, the storage is deleted.

stored in string

8. HTTP Long Polling
server has no way to send data to the client with out the initial request, to overcome this,
they invent long polling

9. WebSockets
WebSockets is an advanced technology that makes it possible to open interactive communication
session between the user's browser and a server.
you can send data from browser to server by calling a send() method, and receive data from server to browser by an onmessage() event handler

10. DOCTYPE
The <!DOCTYPE> declaration must be the very first thing in your HTML document, before the <html> tag.

The <!DOCTYPE> declaration is not an HTML tag; it is an instruction to the web browser about what version of HTML the page is written in.

if missing that, it will goes to quirks mode


10 Cookie
An HTTP cookie (also called web cookie, Internet cookie, browser cookie or simply
cookie, the latter which is not to be confused with the literal definition), is a
small piece of data sent from a website and stored in a user's web browser while
the user is browsing that website. Every time the user loads the website, the
browser sends the cookie back to the server to notify the website of the user's
previous activity.

11 CSRF Cross-site request forgery



12. Difference between HTML and XHTML
HTML5 has two parsing modes or syntaxes: HTML and XML. The difference depends on
whether the document is served with a Content-type: text/html header or a
Content-type: application/xml+xhtml header.

13. Quirks Mode and Standard Mode
There are now three modes used by the layout engines in web browsers: quirks mode,
 almost standards mode, and full standards mode.
 In quirks mode, layout emulates nonstandard behavior in Navigator 4 and
 Internet Explorer 5 for Windows that is required not to break existing content on
  the Web. In full standards mode, the behavior is (hopefully) the behavior
   described by the HTML and CSS specifications. In almost standards mode,
   there are only a very small number of quirks implemented.

14 Are there any problems with serving pages as application/xhtml+xml


15 How do you serve a page with content in multiple languages?

1.You must have translated/localized pages on the server for each language you intend to support.
2.Your server must recognize the browser’s language request.
3.You must carefully name the files for the localized pages, so the server has a systematic way of locating them.
4.You need a method for serving a generic page when you don’t have the requested language.

16 What kind of things must you be wary of when design or developing for multilingual sites
http://www.quora.com/What-kind-of-things-one-should-be-wary-of-when-designing-or-developing-for-multilingual-sites

17 HTML data-* Attributes
The data-* attributes is used to store custom data private to the page or application.
The data-* attributes gives us the ability to embed custom data attributes on all HTML elements.



